item.obj is again a bound method on TestCase function items (#5393)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/5390.bugfix.rst

> Fix regression where the ``obj`` attribute of ``TestCase`` items was no longer bound methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix regression where the ``obj`` attribute of ``TestCase`` items was no longer bound to methods.
```

> Fix regression where the ``obj`` attribute of ``TestCase`` items was no longer bound methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix regression where the ``obj`` attribute of ``TestCase`` items was no longer a bound method.
```

Author: Done, thanks
